encryption restoration details (#53152)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/about-etcd-encryption.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Keep in mind that etcd encryption only encrypts values, not keys. Resource types, namespaces, and object names are unencrypted.

Reviewer: I don't think that the "Keep in mind" part is really necessary. This statement works on its own 
```suggestion
Etcd encryption only encrypts values, not keys. Resource types, namespaces, and object names are unencrypted.
```

> If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the `__static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file__` contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. For security reasons, store this file separately from the etcd snapshot. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.

Reviewer 2: @asme30 

I hate to dig this up again, but this still looks wrong. I've never seen a filename of the form: static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file, so I'm not sure this is correct? Or is it: static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz?

> If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the `__static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file__` contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. For security reasons, store this file separately from the etcd snapshot. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the `__static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz__` file contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. For security reasons, store this file separately from the etcd snapshot. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.
```

> If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the `__static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file__` contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. Store this file separately from the etcd snapshot for security reasons. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.

Reviewer: Up to you! 
```suggestion
If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the `__static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file__` contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. For security reasons, store this file separately from the etcd snapshot. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.
```

[NOTE]
====

> Keep in mind that etcd encryption only encrypts values, not keys. This means that resource types, namespaces, and object names are unencrypted.

Reviewer 3: @geliu2016 I'm not sure, will check with @wangke19 and dev

> Keep in mind that etcd encryption only encrypts values, not keys. This means that resource types, namespaces, and object names are unencrypted.

Reviewer 3: @lahinson Please find the details in slack https://coreos.slack.com/archives/CC3CZCQHM/p1670999032684989.
What other info you need?

> During etcd backup, if etcd encryption is enabled then static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file also contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot and it is recommended to store this file separately from the etcd snapshot for security reasons. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from respective etcd snapshot.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. You should store this file separately from the etcd snapshot for security reasons. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.
```

====
Keep in mind that etcd encryption only encrypts values, not keys. This means that resource types, namespaces, and object names are unencrypted.

> If etcd encryption is enabled during a backup, the `__static_kuberesources_<datetimestamp>.tar.gz: file__` contains the encryption keys for the etcd snapshot. You should store this file separately from the etcd snapshot for security reasons. However, this file is required to restore a previous state of etcd from the respective etcd snapshot.

Reviewer 5: @asme30 To keep the text aligned with IBM and Red Hat style guidance, please update the second sentence from `You should store this file separately...` to `Store this file separately...`. After that change has been made, I can help you move this forward to be reviewed and merged by the OpenShift docs team. Thanks!
